---
title: The Day of the Eclipse
author: metheis
date: 2024-04-08 20:55:00 -0700
categories: [Photography, Solar]
tags: [sun, sky photography, ecplipse]
pin: false
image:
  path: https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/53641673451_e24dd7313d_o_d.jpg
  alt: The eclipse during a partial stage (a terrible photo from my telephone).
---

The Fire Nation was defenseless! 

I ended up driving to San Saba from Austin due to the weather conditions. Much fewer clouds clogged the sky there, plus that town had more time in totality (3m47s!). I have yet to pull the better images off the Z8, so I only have the terrible photo above to show for now (stay tuned :).

Today was breathtaking. This is not an event you can see or hear secondhand, you must experience it to understand how phenomenal a total solar eclipse is. I heard this in 2017, but only this time made the trek for me to innately appreciate and understand that myself. Even 95% totality is not the same.

You begin to feel the temperature drop around you, the wildlife goes silent, the light eerily dims from dusk to twilight, colors shift from what your brain knows they should appear, and the shadows spill into misplaced directions. Your body attempts to reconcile the sensory inputs, but it cannot. It has no reference.

"A total eclipse elicits a unique, visceral, primeval feeling that cannot be evoked by a photograph or a video or a newspaper article, and that can be experienced only within the path of totality when the moon completely obscures the disk of the sun." - Ryan Milligan, solar physicist.

The environment around you, the view of the Sun's corona with your bare eyes, the uniqueness of the moment, made for an exciting life event that I am overjoyed to have whitnessed firsthand.
